Yeah.
So let's move on to the next problem, which is grade one.
And it's again, a very easy problem for all of us because it's kind of basic only there's a great with
edge horizontal rolling w vertical columns and I did a the square diet rule from the top and git column
from the left.
What each i n attendee squared I imagine is described by a character committee.
If it is a dot where it is empty, if it is a hash squared.
Is a bald squib.
It is every MP or it is a wild squib.
It is guaranteed at square one and at the blue are empty squares.
So this, starting in the last few days, are empty squares.
I can't even start from square one, go one and reach each common w by repeating repeatedly, moving
right or down to in a decent empty square right in the middle of Toro's box from square one one to each
common w as us answer can be extremely large.
Find account.
Martello this.
Right.
So it still doesn't exist.
Housing.
Great, great, great.
So we all have done this, basically.
Great.
But it's.
Would you understand this?
Not a big deal.
No.
Well, let's see.
I don't have any blockers or.
Now, let's see.
Just.
I don't have any blockers.
Late.
And as we know, we can only move on the right or down side of it that I'm moving to.
Right or I'm moving to don't.
Well, let's think of this in reverse order that if I talk about.
If I talk about the loss that is each common w sin.
Then from where I can come to the city, I can come from the cell, which is at minus one W or I can
come from this cell, which is.
Command W minus one.
So there are two options to come to this particular cell, which is each W minus one and H minus one
common w.
So what are the total number of B's?
Reaching Edgecombe or W, which is as and for which Gummer W what are their total number of ways of
reaching it?
If I am coming from two places to different places, then I can simply see it.
Okay.
F of x comma ws equals to f of x comber w minus one.
And then I am coming from the cell.
The total number of beats from the cell plus the total number of ways from this in.
Simple as that, right?
And how is ever minus one being calculated again the same reconciliation, which is being fun.
Right.
But now let's talk about.
Sell one comma one, this one.
Okay, so what are the number of ways in which I'm coming to the sale?
It's fine by me because I'm starting from the same age.
So there's only one way in which I'm going to this.
Always.
It shouldn't be a big deal now.
Let me quickly fill this table.
And yes, of course, there are some starting blockers in this room will handle them later.
First of all, let's understand this.
The number of is one.
Again, it will be one in this case by because.
Through this sale, which is.
Let me extend.
The same one commando raid.
I can only come from cell one, comma one.
So the number of ways of reaching one common one should be equal to the more obvious of reaching one
comma two.
Similarly, this.
This.
And this.
This is.
What are the number of ways of reaching to commit to it is as it I can come from this or I can come
from this or I'll add them, I'll get to then I let them I get three, four, five, simply I'll get
one.
Plus two is three, three, three, six and 15.
Now I have three plus one, which is.
Or hopeless existing and lost and is 20 2015 is 35.
And here I have five, 15, 35, 70.
If I have done the calculation, they say now this is one of the approach in which you're going do it
because the constraints are kind of very less 1000, so you can make a table and do this.
So there's an additional thing in this that there are some cells which have a stone rate or a wall.
Ball Square.
Right.
So that was great.
And which I cannot go to before this is going.
What is the total amount of.
What are the number of ways in which I can reach to this end?
It is zero.
I cannot resist it.
So whenever I get this squared away, it's simply my zero.
Otherwise, I'll use this simply because it.
Approach, right?
Well.
Let's go that out in the next fight.
And this shouldn't be very tough for you guys.
So whenever we have a hash and somebody say zero, it's very easy.
Eight and.
Let me give you some extra knowledge here, which is let's say I'm starting from one comma one and I'm
going to encomium.
So what is the length of this part?
Well, what?
Give me the land of any part if I'm just going right down.
Then the end of any party by just going right door down can be.
Is is constant trade, which is.
If I'm going right, that means I'm actually moving column wise.
In the end, how many rights I have to take?
I have to only take at minus one.
Right, because I'm one.
I have to go to him.
Right.
And if I'm moving down, if it's just me making a down step, that means I'm moving closer to the last
rule.
The how many downs?
Kinetic and minus one.
Eight.
You can see in this example if I go from one comma, 1 to 5.
Hopefully I become a five.
Then I'll have 5 minutes.
One for bliss, for eight steps.
No matter which parts you take, you'll have your steps because you are moving right or you're moving
down so that you are moving towards the last column audio moving towards the last row.
It doesn't matter in which order you go, the count will be same.
Now we have to just find out what is the total order in which I can go.
Right?
So what I do is I simply use combinatorics in this case.
So what is the case here, guys?
What's the combinatorics formula?
They tell me the length of it is end plus and minus two.
Eight summits.
I mean, both of them.
And I have to fill them with writing down.
So how many nights I have I have.
And minus one night to fill and down, how many downs I have I have and minus one down.
So who knows what more to what can I see?
What if I fill this particular part with end minus rundowns?
Let's say I just fill it with some downs.
That means the rest of the places, how many places are left and plus and minus two, minus and minus
one will be equal to and minus one, right?
So the east of the M minus one places will be filled with right automatically.
So what I'm saying is if I just select.
And minus one places out of all in plus and minus two places.
I simply get I simply feel Denver don't and the rest are they can be filled with.
Right.
That is the number of ways in which I can go from one one to encomium, which is also equal to endless
M, minus two C and minus one.
So what's the different way of saying this?
Different way of saying it?
Is that other?
That.
Out of all them, plus and minus two places.
Fill those with m minus one, right?
The other will be filled with Down's itself.
Okay.
So if the they will be filled with donated, then will have a but they don't write down and constructing
it and of course will reach encomium only because we have exactly minus one.
Right.
And exactly and minus one else.
So let me give you this example.
So here, if I'm going from one one, two, five, five, what I have is five plus five minus two C
five minus two.
Right.
So it is it's four.
It is eight, seven, six, five.
A bond for Victorian which is four, three, two, one, two, four into two.
The into two.
So it is ten into seven, which is 70.
Well and we can easily see reward 70.
I hope you understood this part also.
But yes, you cannot apply this formula in the this problem because we have blockers.
So five blockers, we have to kind of subtract the number of ways.
It's a bigger.
Because of hate.
So the best answer would be just to make the table and apply normal dictation.
So let's do this and see in the next part.